okay let's talk about the iPhone 12 so
there was a time like 10 12 months ago
when the rumors of iPhone 12 stuff
starts to come out there were all these
like wish lists and predictions as to
what features would be coming out in the
iPhone 12 and you know there was really
cool stuff 120 Hertz screens smaller
notches new designs new shapes new sizes
but there was this one feature that was
like it was the thing that I was most
hopeful for it was the feature that I
thought would change that fundamentally
changed how I viewed iPhones there was a
rumor that the iPhone 12 would be using
USBC Universal charging and people
rejoiced everywhere iPhone users were
excited Android users were excited the
the unreleased I've 112 is excited but I
think the rumors were false it does not
look like we're getting USBC charging on
the iPhone 12 it looks like we're stuck
with lightning ports again so I was sent
a bunch of these kind of dummy units I
was sent three of these metal blanks or
aluminum blanks I'm not sure what
material they're made of they're
definitely metal but these are more for
like technical accuracy and I was also
sent three of these plastic kind of
aesthetically finished ones that are
meant to represent the supposed look and
feel of the finished iPhone 12 the
accuracy of these things are debatable
right these are all just based on rumors
and leaked CAD files but there's
definitely a lot to take away from just
these dummy models so I just want to dig
in on this one so there's three sizes
that I have here these suppose at iPhone
12 the iPhone 12 pro and lastly the
iPhone 12 pro max they've been
redesigned for this year it has a
familiar but distinctly new look the
first thing I wanna talk about is the
screen we're looking at a five point
four inch screen on the small one 6.1
inch on the middle and six point seven
inch on the big boy
iPhone 12 pro max now personally I'm
very drawn to the small iPhone 12 like
this is in my opinion the perfect size
for phone so just to put this into
perspective of what this feels like or
looks like in terms of size so this is
the old-school
se
for a lot of people the old-school se
was like the perfect size same size as
the iPhone 5 and 5s this was I really
like this phone and if you see my older
videos I have raved about the size and
functionality this phone for a very long
time the iPhone se - like the new one
this I mean this is the smallest iPhone
that's available right now in the market
in terms of like buying one new but this
is actually a bigger phone than the
upcoming iPhone 12 look I really feel
like the size of this small iPhone 12 is
gonna be a hit people are gonna love the
size of this phone that gets super one
handable like you can see on the screen
you can stretch everywhere on this thing
you can hit all the corners without
moving your hand too much it's going to
be an excellent size for a lot of people
now the other two phones the iPhone 12
pro and the iPhone 12 pro max these are
going to be the more premium phones
right they're gonna have a better camera
system probably better screens but based
on just these dummy models there's
actually this feature if you want to
call it that that exists on these two
that is not on the base or small iPhone
it's this weird cutout or shape that's
on the left side of the phone so the
side that's on the volume rocker and I
mean there's a lot of speculation as to
what this is for right is it the SIM
card tray that's now moved on to the
left side is it for an antenna is it for
a smart connector no one knows for sure
but they put this in the CAD design for
a reason like I feel like there's some
significance to this if I had to guess
what it was like and this is just like a
if I have to guess I think it's for the
antenna I don't think it's for the smart
connector like there's some rumor saying
that because the future iPhones are
supposedly moving off of ports
completely and they're just gonna use
some kind of magnetic connection for
charging and data that could be what
it's for but I feel it gets for some
kind of 5g antenna that's my guess and
that would explain why it's only in the
premium models maybe I don't know but it
is it's something different that the
iPhone 12 does not have now moving on to
the displays if you look at the notches
of these things they are the same size
notch as the previous iPhone 11 let's
say it's the same size much as any
notched iPhone but I don't think these
notches are
to be technically accurate in terms of
their size I think that when it comes to
again case manufacturing this notch this
cutout that they have to make four
notches is not super important that's
more for like screen protectors and
stuff I think that this stuff can change
that being said there have been rumors
on both sides of the fence but we'll
have to wait until the launch to really
confirm that I want to talk about
promotion are like 120 Hertz displays
this is something that basically every
flagship phone is putting out nowadays
right high refresh screens Samsung pixel
one plus they're all doing it it is
weird that Apple has held off for as
long as they did when I use the word
weird I should change that word it's not
weird it's unfortunate the reasoning I
think and I think most people would
agree with this the reason why Apple
hasn't switched over to high refresh
screens is likely because of battery
life it's something that Apple's iPhones
have been remarkably consistent about
over the years right when they put out a
phone their phones have good battery
life especially considering how small
the batteries are in these phones so I
think for Apple in order to implement
something like this they need to make
sure that the software and hardware can
can actually do it well like it has
built to not just have regular variable
refresh rate like they need to down
clock that refresh rate to something
really slow so on their Apple watch the
Apple watch series 5 I think they can
slow that screen into 1 Hertz like one
frame per second it's very slow but they
use it when it's a still image right and
that would save battery life a lot I
think that type of aggressive reduction
in refresh rate is what Apple needs to
keep the battery life on these phones as
good as they have been in the past like
if they put these phones out and you
know everyone's saying like oh my gosh
these are like you know half the battery
life that they used to because they have
these wonderfully fast greens I don't
think it'll been worth it for apples so
they've been waiting to get that tech
dialed in so they can do it and I think
I hope that this is the year because if
they go for one more year with 60 Hertz
refresh rate screens I think like the
tech enthusiasts of this world will just
lose their ass because it's it's a thing
up personally I've talked this with for
my videos
I don't think it's that big of a deal I
used to think that high refresh screens
were like the greatest thing in the
world because the first time you see it
it's the coolest stuff but then once you
used it enough it's like it's really
nice but it's just a fast screen in
regards to the camera systems the camera
clusters in the backs of these dummy
iPhones feel inconclusive like there's
just different some of them have two
lenses some have three I think these are
just derived from the existing iPhone 11
lineup in terms are just like what the
camera layout would be like we don't
know I will say though just based on
tradition or history of what Apple's
camera systems have been like in their
phones when they do a body change like
this like when they have a new design
they usually don't focus too much of
their efforts on making the cameras
amazing because there's so much other
stuff that's going on so much new stuff
that I don't feel like they put as much
effort as much focus on the cameras on
those years so I feel like the 20/20 i
from 12 will have an improved camera
system but it'll be like a big jump like
the way we saw like from the tennis to
the 11 okay I want to get back to the
port so yeah lightning ports but the
bigger topic I never made a video in
this was the whole thing about the
charger or the charging brick that is
supposedly not going to come inside
these phones and I don't know man it
feels almost impossible for them to do
that I mean they done pulled things in
the past and truthfully when I look at
electronics that have purchased stuff
like Wireless mice and you know battery
packs there are things things like need
charging that often don't include a
charging brick but I feel like when it
comes to a phone
especially the iPhone it would be a
really the messaging would be so hard
like how do you explain that to your
customers I could be like we have the
world's first phone that doesn't include
a charging brick and can you imagine
like the keynote whoever's on stage Tim
Cook what are they gonna say you know
how do they how do they message that
maybe they'll give people the options to
like you know if you're buying a phone
you can if you'd want you can include a
freed five watt charger it's not like we
need that stuff you know we're
technically is anyone watching this
video I can almost guarantee you have a
5 watt charging brick at home right you
don't need another one but that's not
the point
or is it like
I'm I'm torn I feel like it's a move
that doesn't make any sense but at the
same time makes so much sense because
those bricks are everywhere and the cost
the environmental waste behind it all
that it's a weird one but if they don't
implement or they don't include a
charger in these boxes
I can't I like you know there's gonna be
someone out there like a person who goes
to the phone doesn't know that much
about tech buys the phone and gets one
was like I can't charge this thing
because I don't have a five volt
charging brick or any kind of charging
brick at all I can't yeah that's a weird
one to me all right pricing this is the
last thing I want to mention this one
the small ones supposed to be coming in
at six hundred and fifty bucks
again this is rumored right the pro and
the pro max was supposed to come at
regular pricing thousand and eleven
hundred respectively but this guy the
small one supposed to come in at six
hundred and fifty US dollars that is
super cool for them to introduce a new
phone that looks like this with the
knotch
and face ID and I think this will be a
very popular phone now I don't think
that the iPhone 12 like the base model
will have promotion I don't think that
they'll be able to put it into this
chassis it's not so much the price right
it's the battery size I don't think that
a small battery like this would be able
to support high refresh in the way that
Apple would want to implement that tech
right in order to do it you just need a
bigger battery for like the 12 pro 12
pro mass could possibly do it I don't
think this guy could do it which is
unfortunate but at the same time a an
appropriate choice okay so that's the
iPhone 12 lineup or at least the iPhone
12 dummy lineup I think these are gonna
be pretty cool phones what do you think
if you could choose a size right now
which one would it be I would definitely
go for the smallest one like 100% that's
gonna be my phone unless there's some
weird stuff that happens with it but the
small one what about you okay hope you
guys enjoyed this video thumbs we liked
it subs if you loved it
I'll see you guys next time
[Music]